---
title: Blog 7
layout: post
author: jason.william
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1wJof-e11aiAmEBabOBuDQH6bjaiiShrndA_Hxm3iDPo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>coding with python </td>
    <td></td>
    <td>28/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We started by looking at code academy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish another chapter</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I think I achieved my target as I completed all the tasks given with full concentration and effort and i got to chapter 10</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> In this lesson we were looking at Code Academy and mainly python because of  how it helps us to code. It allowed us to check the code and helps us by giving us hints and if we cannot solve it we can use solution.  The work that we were given was not difficult, however, I was confused with some parts of it.
The strategies which were effective were  concentrating and focusing.
 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I was concentrating, focusing and  improved my timekeeping.
I need to improve my habit of not being alert to what the teacher is saying: I need to listen to what is being said. I also need to try to get as much work done that I can possibly do so I can move onto the next chapter a lot quicker so I can move onto the next topic of code
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my habit of not being alert by ignoring the distractions and always listening for when the teacher is talking.
Overall I think today was a huge improvement from the last lesson from last lesson and i hope to carry this on through to the next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iCnqChe6q5TYYSlaAGbbXVR5LOkhCx6a/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
