---
title: blog 2
layout: post
author: jason.william
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 19D8_EM9-eLJWtqpKK0QYJ0qiB3cUHKS_OpMpHw7lfMw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>coding </td>
    <td></td>
    <td>23/4/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We were looking at code academy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish the chapter </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I think I achieved my target as I completed all the tasks given with full concentration and effort and i got to page 8 of the second chapter</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> In this lesson we were looking at Code Academy and how it helped us to code. It allowed us to check the code and helped us by giving us hints.  The work that we were given was not difficult, however, I was confused with some parts of it.
The strategies which were effective were  concentrating and focusing and asking for help when I really needed it.


 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I was concentrating, focusing and  doing as much work that I could do.
I need to improve my habit of not being alert to what the teacher is saying: I need to listen to what is being said. 
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my habit of not being alert by ignoring the distractions and always listening for when the teacher is talking.
Overall I think today was a huge improvement from the last lesson and i hope to carry this on through to the next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


